Update README.rst (#209)
ansible-collections/overview: README.rst

**Warning:** Subject to frequent updates
       This is a "living document", expect it to change as we progress with the Collections work over the next few months.
       

> This guide uses MUST and SHOULD, etc as defined in `RFC 2119 <https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2119>`_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide uses MUST, MUST NOT, SHOULD, SHOULD NOT and MAY as defined in `RFC 2119 <https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2119>`_. 
```

I would mention all key words here instead of just saying `etc`. But that's just my personal opinion.
